Feature/cid 2745/get list of repositories and manifest files and send data to backend (#8)
leanix/leanix-github-agent: README.md

    - `GITHUB_ENTERPRISE_BASE_URL`: The base URL of your GitHub Enterprise Server instance.
    - `GITHUB_APP_ID`: The ID of your GitHub App.
    - `PEM_FILE`: The path to your GitHub App's PEM file inside the Docker container.

>     - `MANIFEST_FILE_DIRECTORY`: The directory path where the manifest files are located in every repository. For more details on the manifest file: [Microservice Discovery Through a Manifest File](https://docs-eam.leanix.net/reference/microservice-discovery-manifest-file)

Reviewer: Naming wise it looks good! clear and concise, in regards to the description (cc: @ana-dashuk-leanix) maybe something like

```suggestion
    - `MANIFEST_FILE_DIRECTORY`: This refers to the specific directory path in each repository where the manifest files are stored. Manifest files are crucial for microservice discovery, as they provide essential information about the service. For a comprehensive understanding of the manifest file, please refer to the following documentation: [Microservice Discovery Through a Manifest File](https://docs-eam.leanix.net/reference/microservice-discovery-manifest-file).
```

>     - `MANIFEST_FILE_DIRECTORY`: The directory path where the manifest files are located in every repository. For more details on the manifest file: [Microservice Discovery Through a Manifest File](https://docs-eam.leanix.net/reference/microservice-discovery-manifest-file)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `MANIFEST_FILE_DIRECTORY`: The directory path where the manifest files are stored in each repository. Manifest files are crucial for microservice discovery as they provide essential information about the service. For more information, see [Microservice Discovery Through a Manifest File](https://docs-eam.leanix.net/reference/microservice-discovery-manifest-file) in our documentation.
```

>     - `MANIFEST_FILE_DIRECTORY`: The directory path where the manifest files are stored in each repository. Manifest files are crucial for microservice discovery as they provide essential information about the service. For more information, see [Microservice Discovery Through a Manifest File](https://docs-eam.leanix.net/reference/microservice-discovery-manifest-file) in our documentation.

Reviewer 3: Why do we point to manifest file directory and not manifest file path, any advantage?
